Japan has been engaging in the same
policies as all other countries except
they are leading the pack truly trying
to make their mark in history I'll give
them that they have really gone all the
way you came here for the truth today
we're going to look at Japan I have a
quick video to go through today
Japanese bond trading volume since the
introduction of a Bonomi that is qe2 the
maximum we have seen this decline month
after month after month and it is no
surprise that we have reached record
lows yet again why because there is no
real market anymore the central bank is
buying up all of the ETFs they're buying
up all the shares they're buying up all
the debt and this has become the only
way that the market continues to stay
alive they are doing so supporting the
markets and no real money is flowing
into the system it's only the central
bank that's why these volumes have
dropped so drastically they know that
people are just fleeing consistently and
so you have the central bank there to be
the lender of last resort let's move on
to this next chart the 10-year yields
okay we are seeing since the
introduction of Hunnam --ax as usual
here when they bring in the QE it messes
everything up we see that volatility has
been stagnant we're at low levels right
now and that you can see that you're not
getting anything you're getting negative
especially when you in count account for
the real levels of inflation you see
that we are in the negative but even
though it doesn't really matter we are
basically bouncing around this negative
territory
the central bank has done this they are
the reason why this is happening they've
been printing up money buying up
everything in sight and lo and behold
everything is messed up but don't worry
as long as Jim Kramer tells you which
stocks to buy everything is just fine
Japan's central bank balance sheet just
in the last let's say year has increased
dramatically
look at this they've made the Federal
Reserve look like nothing they continue
to increase while the Federal Reserve
has at least on the outside hasn't been
printing any money currency debt
whatever you want to call it and
meanwhile the Bank of Japan the ECB
they've continued so we see the central
banks of course working in coordination
but this is just interesting to see that
the Bank of Japan is just going pedal to
the metal they want to destroy their
currency and then they can pay back all
over there that all of that which they
owe in worthless garbage confetti and I
just wanted to show you for a moment
here the problems that we have in the
United States today with the debt look
at where it's headed look at the fact
that the trajectory as they're showing
here with the red lines it was bad
leading up to the Obama administration
it got worse during the Obama
administration and it seems to be a
progression that every single time
things have to get worse
look at how it was back in you know when
you look at the beginning of the chart
it basically looks like it's
non-existent but if you were looking at
the chart during those years you would
see much volatility but because we've
gone so far beyond that out into you
know
outer space then we haven't been able to
even see the variations in what we had
experienced you know 4050 years ago
because we're going going into these
astronomic levels globally there is a
debt expansion it will continue to
happen why because if it doesn't we have
a complete collapse scenario that may or
may not want to allow that to happen but
I know that the central bank's control
that they are the ones who decide the
liquidity in the system if they pull the
liquidity out they crash the system
simple as that
they are the ones that decided not if
companies are doing well or is it supply
and demand fundamentals no that's not
how it works the truth is that the
central banks do control manipulate and
eviscerate everyone in their path they
control everything let's just say it for
the way it is now of course this video
will be suffering the same issues that
I've experienced on all the others
because of what I just said but hey what
can you do if you found it informative
then you can support me by giving me a
thumbs up if you found the video
informative I know you will find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative you can flip through these
books if you go over to Amazon they have
a look inside feature which will allow
you to flip through the pages of these
books to see if you like them
take care